Feat/prep 2020.10 (#1769)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: CHANGELOG.md

## [upcoming release]

## [2020.10] - 2020-10-27

### Added
- Updated garage-push and garage-deploy tools support new back-end token generation to authenticate API requests. Update treehub.json format evolved for the new back-end Both are backward compatible. Previous versions have the server URL *without* the token path, so it needs to be hardcoded. The new version has the full URL with the */oauth2/token* path at the end. Also, treehub.json has an additional parameter *scope*: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1767)

### Changed

> - dockerfile use default ostree package: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1751)

Reviewer: I think it's worth specifying which dockerfile, so I'd just copy the PR title:
```suggestion
- Use default ostree package in Ubuntu Focal dockerfile: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1751)
```

> - dockerfile use default ostree package: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1751)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ubuntu Focal Dockerfile now uses the default OSTree package: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1751)
```

> - Improve libaktualizr API exceptions: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1754)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved libaktualizr API exceptions: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1754)
```

> - Better logging for binary file download progress: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1756)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved binary file download progress: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1756)
```

> - Fixed issue with parameters check in aktualizr-get: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1760)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed the issue with the parameters check in `aktualizr-get`: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1760)
```

> - Allow passing HTTP headers in aktualizr-get: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1762)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allowed passing HTTP headers in `aktualizr-get`: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1762)
```

> - aktualizr-lite moved into its own [aktualizr-lite repo](https://github.com/foundriesio/aktualizr-lite): [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1763)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Moved aktualizr-lite to its own [aktualizr-lite repository](https://github.com/foundriesio/aktualizr-lite): [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1763)
```

> - Fixed output of pacman config: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1761)

Reviewer: I would put the two items that start with "Fixed" into a separate *Fixed* subsection like in previous releases.

> - Fixed output of pacman config: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1761)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed the output of the pacman configuration: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1761)
```

## [upcoming release]

## [2020.10] - 2020-10-27

### Added

> - Updated garage-push and garage-deploy tools support new back-end token generation to authenticate API requests. Update treehub.json format evolved for the new back-end Both are backward compatible. Previous versions have the server URL *without* the token path, so it needs to be hardcoded. The new version has the full URL with the */oauth2/token* path at the end. Also, treehub.json has an additional parameter *scope*: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1767)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the `garage-push` and `garage-deploy` tools. Now, they support new back-end token generation to authenticate API requests. Also, we updated the `treehub.json` format for the new back-end. It now has the additional  *scope* parameter. The changes are backward compatible. Previous versions have the server URL *without* the token path, so it needs to be hardcoded. The new version has the full URL with the */oauth2/token* path at the end: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1767)
```

> - Updated the `garage-push` and `garage-deploy` tools. Now, they support new back-end token generation to authenticate API requests. Also, we updated the `treehub.json` format for the new back-end. It now has the additional  *scope* parameter. The changes are backward compatible. Previous versions have the server URL *without* the token path, so it needs to be hardcoded. The new version has the full URL with the */oauth2/token* path at the end: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1767)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the `garage-push` and `garage-deploy` tools. Now, they support new back-end token generation to authenticate API requests. Also, we updated the `treehub.json` format for the new back-end. It now has the additional  `scope` parameter. The changes are backward compatible. Previous versions have the server URL **without** the token path, so it needs to be hardcoded. The new version has the full URL with the `/oauth2/token` path at the end: [PR](https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr/pull/1767)
```
